README.md, before:

# Dispatch

This repository contains daily call reports for field technicians.  The
`process_reports.py` script summarises the calls and updates `Liste.xlsx` with
per-technician statistics.  It expects a morning report (file name contains
`7`) and an evening report (`19`) inside the given day directory.  By comparing
both reports the script determines how many calls were completed during the
day.

## Usage

```bash
python process_reports.py Juli_25/01.07 Liste.xlsx
```

The command expects the directory for the day (e.g. `Juli_25/01.07`) and the
path to the master workbook (`Liste.xlsx`).  The script requires
[openpyxl](https://openpyxl.readthedocs.io/) to be installed.

To analyse a full month and report technicians without calls or belonging to
another region, run:

```bash
python analyze_month.py Juli_25 Liste.xlsx --output report.csv
```

This writes a CSV file with the categories `no_calls` and `region_mismatch` for
each technician.

## Troubleshooting

### Empty summaries
If no calls are written for a technician, ensure the daily report follows the
expected template. The script searches for a row containing `Employee ID` to
locate the header. Files lacking this marker produce empty summaries.

### Missing files
The day directory must contain a morning report (`*7*.xlsx`) and may optionally
include an evening report (`*19*.xlsx`). If either file is missing or named
incorrectly, processing will fail with `StopIteration` or `FileNotFoundError`.

### Incorrect sheet names
`Liste.xlsx` needs a worksheet named after the target month, such as `Juli_25`.
A `KeyError` indicates the sheet is missing or misnamed. Verify that the sheet
matches the pattern `<German month>_<yy>`.

### Verbose logging
To gain more insight into the processing steps, enable Python's logging at the
debug level when running the script:

```bash
LOGLEVEL=DEBUG python process_reports.py Juli_25/01.07 Liste.xlsx
```

This configuration outputs additional details either to the console or to a
file if logging is redirected.

### Unknown technician names
`process_reports.load_calls` compares reported names to those already listed in
`Liste.xlsx`. When a technician cannot be matched, the function emits a warning
so unassigned calls are easy to spot during processing.

Commit message:

Refactor project into structured package with CLI

README.md, after:

# Dispatch

This repository contains daily call reports for field technicians.  Core
functionality lives inside the :mod:`dispatch` package and is exposed via the
``main.py`` command line interface.  ``process`` summarises the calls and
updates ``Liste.xlsx`` with per-technician statistics.  It expects a morning
report (file name contains ``7``) and an evening report (``19``) inside the
given day directory.  By comparing both reports the script determines how many
calls were completed during the day.

## Usage

```bash
python main.py process data/Juli_25/01.07 data/Liste.xlsx
```

The command expects the directory for the day (e.g. ``data/Juli_25/01.07``) and
the path to the master workbook (``data/Liste.xlsx``).  The script requires
[openpyxl](https://openpyxl.readthedocs.io/) to be installed.

To analyse a full month and report technicians without calls or belonging to
another region, run:

```bash
python main.py analyze data/Juli_25 data/Liste.xlsx --output report.csv
```

This writes a CSV file with the categories ``no_calls`` and ``region_mismatch``
for each technician.

## Troubleshooting

### Empty summaries
If no calls are written for a technician, ensure the daily report follows the
expected template. The script searches for a row containing `Employee ID` to
locate the header. Files lacking this marker produce empty summaries.

### Missing files
The day directory must contain a morning report (`*7*.xlsx`) and may optionally
include an evening report (`*19*.xlsx`). If either file is missing or named
incorrectly, processing will fail with `StopIteration` or `FileNotFoundError`.

### Incorrect sheet names
`Liste.xlsx` needs a worksheet named after the target month, such as `Juli_25`.
A `KeyError` indicates the sheet is missing or misnamed. Verify that the sheet
matches the pattern `<German month>_<yy>`.

### Verbose logging
To gain more insight into the processing steps, enable Python's logging at the
debug level when running the script:

```bash
LOGLEVEL=DEBUG python main.py process data/Juli_25/01.07 data/Liste.xlsx
```

This configuration outputs additional details either to the console or to a
file if logging is redirected.

### Unknown technician names
``dispatch.process_reports.load_calls`` compares reported names to those already
listed in ``Liste.xlsx``. When a technician cannot be matched, the function
emits a warning so unassigned calls are easy to spot during processing.
